Please post your questions/critical remarks relating to:

- Etzioni (2006). Socioeconomics. (p. 633-638) 
		-> [[etzioni_2006_socio-economics.pdf]]
- Stilwell (2012). What is political economy? / The personal is political economic. (p. 2-16) 
		-> [[stilwell_2012_political_economy_(chs_1-2).pdf]]
- Smelser and Swedberg (2005). Introducing Economic Sociology. (p. 1-6)
		-> [[smelser_and_swedberg_2005_introducing_economic_sociology.pdf]]
- Frerichs (forthcoming). Economic sociology as comparative macrosociology. (p. 3-5)
		-> [[frerichs_forthcoming_economic_sociology_as_comparative_macrosociology.pdf]]

## Etzioni
- "member of one or more social bodies that effect the person's preferences" Does that just mean peer pressure?
- virtue -> restraining from pleasure
- Alzheimers -> moral obligation to "pay back" the afflicted spouse which has enabled them to live a happy life could be a factor as well. Certainly would be for me?

## Stilwell
- [[Classical Political Economics]]
- [[Marxist Economics]]
- [[Institutional Economics]]
- [[Keynesian Economics]]
- wealth distributed by economic power -> favoring the rich since they profit most of compounding returns
- can we take decisions which actually matter without breaking the system? Even if the aggregation of wealth or power is postponed, it will still happen eventually.

## Smelser
- [[Carl Menger]]
- [[Joseph Schumpeter]]
- [[Max Weber]]
- *meaning* - interesting concept, like personal value or value generation from [[Gerhard Speckbacher]]

## Frerichs
- "more realistic images of the human actor" -> high degree of classical irrational decisions
- little more information after reading the past 3 texts