# BS Quiz 2023
1. In the long run, investors' returns on a company's [[equity]] should be lower than their returns on bonds issued by the same company.
	1. False
2. According to the cost-of-production method, [[profit]] equals the monetary value of the goods/services sold during a time period (revenues) minus the monetary value of resources consumed to produce these goods/services ([[expenses]]). 
	1. False
3. When a company distributes its profits of the year 2021 to its owners at the end of the year, then the company's net value (according to the [[balance sheet]]) at the end of 2021 equals its net value at the beginning of the year. 
	1. Correct
4. When a taxi company buys a new car by lending money then this transaction leads to a lower ROI because capital increases while profits do not change (they only change once the taxi gets used) 
	1. Correct
5. When a taxi company buys a new taxi for 40,000 EUR then this transaction is a capital expenditure.  
	1. Correct
6. If an investment today generates a stream of positive cash flows in the future, then the internal rate of return of this investment is the discount rate for which the present value of the generated future cash flows equals today's investment.
	1. Correct
7. When a company pays back a loan, then [[EBIT]] increases 
	1. False
8. When a company pays back a loan, then Free Cashflow increases
	1. False
9. Red Bull is an example of a differentiation strategy because the brand sets the product apart from the [[competition]].
	1. Correct
10. If [[cash flow]] generated by cash cows is used to finance a question mark then this is an example of using external sources of finance (external capital market)
	1. False
11. A firm's top managers are likely to prefer internal sources of finance to raising new [[equity]] because internal sources of finance give them a high level of discretion, while their investment decisions are tightly controlled by owners when raising new [[equity]]. 
	1. Correct
12. In the [[BCG portfolio]] a cash cow generates [[cash flow]] that can be used to finance question marks or growth of stars 
	1. Correct
13. Decisions on the 4P's can be used to differentiate a given product from competitors' products 
	1. Correct
14. The money spent for a [[marketing]] campaign is cash outflow but no expense. 
	1. False
15. From a [[financial perspective]], a [[marketing]] campaign can be seen as an investment that aims at generating higher revenues in the future 
	1. Correct
16. When a company invests money to build up a brand then such investment always decreases overall [[profit]] since brand name capital is an intangible asset that cannot be listed in the [[balance sheet]]. 
	1. False
17. From a P&L-perspective employees cause [[expenses]] (salary), but with their expertise and knowhow they help to generate revenues. 
	1. Correct
18. When a company borrows money to buy a new car, then both sides of the [[balance sheet]] ([[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] and claims) increase. 
	1. Correct
19. When the price of a product is increased then it can be expected that less units of the product will be sold but revenues may still increase. 
	1. Correct
20. When a company buys machinery from its cash reserves then this does not change the overall monetary value of [[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] in the [[balance sheet]]. 
	1. Correct
21. When a company pays the interest for a bank loan, then this is no expense because there is no 'resource consumption". 
	1. False
22. Paying salary to employees is an expense.
	1. Correct
23. When a company pays back a loan by using its cash reserves, then this is an expense because cash money is consumed. 
	1. False
24. The SWOT analysis combines the market-based view with the resource-based view. 
	1. Correct
25. With its Model T, the Ford Motor Company pursued a differentiation strategy, since the production process differed significantly from existing production processes for cars at that time. 
	1. False
26. The market-based view deals with how competitive advantage is achieved by taking advantage of imperfect factor markets. 
	1. False
27. Goods sold on digital platforms can only provide demand-side economies of scale, if the costs of reproduction are close to zero.
	1. False
28. High complexity of services by tailoring services to the variety of customer preferences, is a typical characteristic of cost [[leadership]] strategies. 
	1. False
29. If a company's core competence is marketing, then this indicates a cost [[leadership]] strategy. 
	1. False
30. Recombinant Innovation means that a business model combines innovative products. 
	1. False
31. When managers resist technological change then this is called intrapreneurship.
	1. False
# BS Final 2021
1. Red Bull is an example of a differentiation strategy because the brand sets the product apart from the [[competition]].
	1. Correct
2. In the [[BCG Portfolio]] a cash cow generates [[cash flow]] that can be used to finance question marks or growth of stars
	1. Correct
3. If [[cash flow]] generated by cash cows is used to finance a question mark then this is an example of using external sources of finance (external capital market)
	1. False
4. A firm's top managers are likely to prefer internal sources of finance to raising new [[equity]] because internal sources of finance give them a high level of discretion while their investment decisions are tightly controlled by owners when raising [[Equity|new eq]]uity.
	1. Correct
5. Within the 4 P's framework, the choice of sales channels is a promotion decision
	1. False
6. From a [[financial perspective]], a [[marketing]] campaign can be seen as an investment that aims at generating higher revenues in the future
	1. Correct
7. Decisions on the 4P's can be used to differentiate a given product from competitors' products
	1. Correct
8. The money spent for a [[marketing]] campaign is cash outflow but no expense.
	1. False
9. If a company's core competence is [[marketing]] then this indicates a cost [[leadership]] strategy.
	1. False
10. High complexity of services by tailoring services to the variety of customer preferences, is a typical characteristic of cost [[leadership]] strategies.
	1. False
11. The question of which processes a company should focus on and which processes should be outsourced is a typical question asked in "value chain analysis".
	1. Correct
12. In a knowledge-based society, [[human resources]] tend to be easily replaced.
	1. False
13. With its Model T, the Ford Motor Company pursued a differentiation strategy, since the production process differed significantly from existing production processes for cars at that time.
	1. False
14. [[Edith Penrose]] is one of the leading scientists when it comes to the Market-based view.
	1. False
15. When companies propagate a purpose in their employer branding activities, then this addresses people's need for self-actualization in [[Maslov Hierachy|Maslovs hierachy of needs]]. 
	1. Correct
16. When a company considers selling its products online, then this is a decision on "Place" in the "4Ps concept".
	1. Correct
17. The supply chain can be defined as the collection of production processes performed within a company.
	1. False
18. When Red Bull decides on whether product distribution should be organized "in-house" or organized by collaboration with a partner firm, then this is a make-or-buy decision.
	1. Correct
19. From a production perspective, efficiency means that no inputs are wasted.
	1. Correct
20. [[Taylorism]] is a form of humanistic management
	1. False
21. According to the cost-of-production method, [[profit]] equals the monetary value of the goods/services sold during a time period (revenues) minus the monetary value of resources consumed to produce these goods/services ([[expenses]])
	1. False
22. In the long run, investors' returns on a company's [[equity]] should be lower than their returns on bonds issued by the same company.
	1. False
23. When a company distributes its profits of the year 2021 to its owners at the end of the year, then the company's net value (according to the [[balance sheet]]) at the end of 2021 equals its net value at the beginning of the year. 
	1. Correct
24. The fact that balance sheets do not contain most [[intangible assets]] is one main reason why the [[market capitalization]] of companies is very often higher than their net value ([[equity]]) according to the [[balance sheet]].
	1. Correct
25. When a company pays the interest for a bank loan, then this is no expense because there is no "resource consumption".
	1. False
26. When a company buys machinery from its cash reserves then this does not change the overall monetary value of [[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] in the [[balance sheet]].
	1. Correct
27. When a company pays back a loan by using its cash reserves, then this is an expense because cash money is consumed.
	1. False
28. Paying salary to employees is an expense
	1. Correct
29. When a company invests money to build up a brand then such investment always decreases overall [[profit]] in the long run, since brand name capital is an intangible asset that cannot be listed in the [[balance sheet]].
	1. False
30. [[Taylorism]] emphasizes the role of intrinsic [[motivation]]
	1. False
31. Bureaucracy is characterized by centralized authority, rules and defined procedures
	1. True
32. From a P&L-perspective employees cause [[expenses]] (salary), but with their expertise and knowhow they help to generate revenues.
	1. True
33. When a taxi company buys a new car then this transaction leads to a lower ROI because capital increases while profits do not change (they only change once the taxi gets used)
	1. Correct
34. When a taxi company buys a new taxi for 40,000 EUR then this transaction is a capital expenditure.
	1. Correct
35. Assume that you make an investment of 1,000 EUR today, which provides you with a return of 10 EUR one year later, and again 10 EUR two years later; three years later you will get back the initial investment of 1,000 EUR plus 15 EUR. For this investment, the internal rate of return is calculated by solving the following equation for r.
$$-1,000 + \frac {10}{1+r}+ \frac {10}{(1+r)^2}\frac {1,015}{(1+r)^3}=0$$
	1. False
36. When a taxi company sells an unused car above its book value, then ROI increases.
	1. Correct
37. When a car producing company sells cars in distribution centers owned by the company, then this is franchising.
	1. False
38. The SWOT analysis combines the market-based view with the resource-based view
	1. Correct
39. From a [[strategic perspective]], it is a common rule for make-or-buy decisions to outsource only activities that are not essential for establishing the company's [[USP]].
	1. Correct
40. Supply Chain Management includes make-or-buy decisions.
	1. Correct
41. A [[profit]] margin of 0.3 means that one Euro of revenue generates on average 3 cents of [[profit]]
	1. False
42. According to the [[balance sheet]] logic the (net) [[value of a company]] is determined by its [[equity]].
	1. Correct
43. Companies can raise [[equity]] by issuing bonds
	1. False
44. If it is possible for a company to invest cash money at 5% per year and to lend money at the same interest rate of 5%, then the value of a [[cash flow]] of 1,000 Euro one year in the future seen from the viewpoint of today is 1,000/1.05.
	1. Correct
45. When a company pays back a loan, then gearing goes down
	1. Correct
46. When a company pays back a loan, then [[Free Cash Flow]] increases
	1. False
47. When a company pays back a loan, then [[Cash Flow]] from financing decreases
	1. Correct
48. When a company pays back a loan, then [[EBIT]] increases
	1. False
49. Herzberg's theory explains the importance of extrinsic [[motivation]]
	50. False
50. The "[[Taylorism|Taylorism]]" approach emphasizes the important role of [[leadership]].
	1. False
51. From a [[Taylorism]] perspective, management deals with the optimal division of the production process into individual tasks, in order to economize on the benefits of specialization.
	1. Correct
52. The "Hawthorne effect" shows the importance of incentives in companies
	1. False
53. The [[value of a company]] can be determined by calculating the present value of the future cash flows it generates for the owners.
	1. Correct
54. An investment that involves lower risk should have a higher internal rate of return.
	1. False
55. The [[value of a company]] can be determined from its [[market capitalization]]
	1. Correct
56. If an investment made today generates a positive NPV then this means that the value of the future [[cash flow]] stream generated by this investment is higher than the initial investment.
	1. Correct
57. When the price of a product is increased then it can be expected that less units of the product will be sold but revenues may still increase.
	1. Correct
58. [[Taylorism]] combined with assembly line production has been known as [[Taylorism|Fordism]].
	1. Correct
59. When a company invests money to build up a brand then such investment only makes economic sense if the company is able to get the invested money back through higher revenues.
	1. Correct
60. In Herzberg's theory, recognition, responsibility, autonomy, and challenging work are main motivators.
	1. Correct
61. According to [[Michael Porter]]'s value chain, a process is a bundle of interrelated activities that create value for the customer
	1. Correct
62. Corporate Governance refers to the rules and mechanisms of the generation and appropriation of value created by companies.
	1. Correct
63. A production function associates produced output with the cost necessary to produce this output.
	1. False
64. Piece rate bay is an example for extrinsic [[motivation]]
	1. Correct

# BS Final 2020
1. [[Strategic Perspective]]
	1. Cost [[leadership]] means that a company produces at higher costs than its competitors
		1. False
	2. Core competencies are skills that enable a company to deliver a fundamental customer benefit
		1. Correct
	3. Red Bull is an example of a differentiation strategy because the brand sets the product apart from the [[competition]] 
		1. Correct
	4. A strong brand can be interpreted as a market barrier.
		1. Correct
	5. Assume that the sales of smartphones worldwide in year t is 500 billon USD, while in t-1 it was 450 billion USD. Moreover assume that Samsung and Apple are the two largest players in the market in terms of smartphone sales. Samsung's smartphone sales in year t are 100 billion USD, while Apple's smartphone sales in year t are 120 billion USD
		1. Apple's market [[share]] is: 120/500 = 21%
			1. False
		2. Apples relative market [[share]] is 0.83
			1. False
		3. The overall market growth for smartphones from t-1 to t is given by (500-450)/450=50/450 = 11%
			1. Correct
		4. Samsung's market [[share]] in year t is 100/500 = 0.2 = 20%
			1. Correct
	6. A firm's top managers are likely to prefer internal sources of finance to raising new [[equity]] because internal sources of finance give them a high level of discretion while their investment decisions is tightly controlled by owners when raising [[Equity|new eq]]uity.
		1. Correct
	7. In the [[BCG portfolio]] a question mark is characterized by low market growth and high relative market share
		1. False
	8. In the [[BCG portfolio]] a cash cow generates [[Cash Flow]] which can be used to finance question marks or growth of stars
		1. Correct
	9. If [[Cash flow]] generated by cash cows is used to finance a question mark then this is an example of using external sources of finance (external capital market)
		1. False
2. [[Customer Perspective]]
	1. The money spent for a [[marketing]] campaign is cash outflow but no expense.
		1. False
	2. Decisions on 4P's can be used to differentiate a given product as part of a quality [[leadership]] strategy
		1. Correct
	3. From a [[financial perspective]], a [[marketing]] campaign can be seen as an investment that aims at generating higher revenues in the future
		1. Correct
	4. Within the 4 P's framework, the choice of sales channels is a promotion decision
		1. False
3. [[Employee Perspective]]
	1. The "Hawthorne effect" shows the importance of incentives in business firms
		1. False
	2. Herzberg's theory explains the importance of extrinsic [[motivation]]
		1. False
	3. The "[[Taylorism|Scientific Management]]" approach emphasizes the important role of [[leadership]]
		1. False
	4. From a [[Taylorism]] perspective, management deals with the optimal division of the production process into individual tasks, in order to economize on the benefits of specialization.
		1. Correct
4. [[Financial Perspective]]
	1. According to the [[balance sheet]] logic the [[value of a company]] is determined by its [[equity]].
		1. Correct
	2. Investment decisions are decisions about business transactions with an initial cash inflow, in the expectation of future cash outflows
		1. False
	3. Companies can raise [[equity]] by issuing bonds
		1. False
	4. Owners of bonds tend to bear higher risk than owners of [[equity]]
		1. False
	5. When a taxi company buys a new car then this transaction leads to a lower ROI because capital increases while profits do not change (they only change once the taxi gets used)
		1. Correct
	6. When a taxi company buys a new taxi for 40,000 EUR then this transaction is an expense.
		1. False
	7. When a taxi company sells an unused car above its (book) value in the [[balance sheet]], then ROI increases.
		1. Correct
	8. When a taxi company buys a new taxi for 40,000 EUR then this transaction is a capital expenditure.
		1. Correct
	9. According to the cost-of-production method, [[profit]] equals the monetary value of the goods/services sold during a time period (revenues) minus the monetary value of resources consumed to produce these goods/services ([[expenses]])
		1. False
	10. When a company distributes its profits of the year 2020 to its owners at the end of the year, then the company's net value (according to [[balance sheet]]) at the end of 2020 equals its value at the beginning of the year.
		1. Correct
	11. When a company borrows money to buy a new car, then both sides of the [[balance sheet]] ([[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] and claims) increase.
		1. Correct
	12. On average, investors' returns on a company's [[equity]] should be lower than their returns on bonds issued by the same company.
		1. False
	13. [[Depreciation]] reduces operat[[Cash Flow|ing cash ]]flow
		1. False
	14. [[EBIT]] + interest income - interest expense - taxes = [[Profit]]
		1. Correct
	15. If you invest 1,000 EUR in 2020 and receive 10 EUR in 2021 and also in 2022 as interest, while you get back the initial investment of 1,000 plus 15 EUR interest in 2023, then the internal rate of return is calculated by solving the following equation for r:
		1. $$-1,000 + \frac {10}{1+r} + \frac {10}{(1+r)^2}+ \frac {10}{(1+r)^3}+ \frac {1,015}{(1+r)^4}$$
		2. False
	16. If a taxi company owns an apartment which earns a monthly rent, then the value of this apartment is not part of operating [[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] as defined in the formula for ROCE
		1. Correct
	17. If it is possible for a company to invest cash money at 5% per year and to lend money at the same interest rate of 5%, then the value of a [[cash flow]] of 1,000 Euro one year in the future seen from the viewpoint of today is 1,000/1.05.
		1. Correct
	18. A [[profit]] margin of 0.3 means that one Euro of revenue generates on average 3 cents of [[profit]]
		1. False
	19. Patents and brand name are [[intangible assets]].
		1. Correct
	20. The [[value of a company]] can be determined by calculating the [[net present value]] of [[cash flow]] streams generated by the company.
		1. Correct
	21. The fact that balance sheets do not contain most [[intangible assets]] is one main reason why the [[market capitalization]] of companies is very often higher than their net valu[[Equity|e (=eq]]uity) according to the [[balance sheet]].
		1. Correct
	22. The [[value of a company]] can be determined from its [[market capitalization]]
		1. Correct
	23. If an investment made today generates a positive NPV then this means that the value of the future [[cash flow]] stream generated by this investment is higher than the initial investment.
		1. Correct
5. [[Production Perspective]]
	1. From a production perspective, efficiency means that no inputs are wasted
		1. Correct
	2. The supply chain can be defined as the collection of production processes performed within a company
		1. False
	3. When Red Bull decides on whether product distribution should be organized "in-house" or organized by collaboration with a partner firm, then this is a make-or-buy decision.
		1. Correct
	4. [[Taylorism]] is a form of humanistic management
		1. False
6. [[Entrepreneurial Perspective]]
	1. Netflix and similar internet entertainment services created a new business that displaced the business of video rental shops and thus they can be seen as an example of creative distruction.
		1. Correct
	2. Recombinant Innovation means that business models combine innovative products.
		1. False
	3. When managers resist technological change then this is called intrapreneurship.
		1. False
	4. Venture Capital is capital that is provided to corporations by banks.
		1. False
7. When a company pays back a loan, then
	1. gearing goes down.
		1. Correct
	2. [[Free Cash Flow]] increases
		1. False
	3. [[Cash Flow]] from financing decreases
		1. Correct
	4. [[EBIT]] increases
		1. False
8. Mixed
	1. From a P&L-perspective employees cause [[expenses]] (salary) but on the other hand they help to generate revenues.
		1. Correct
	2. When Red Bull decides on whether product distribution should be organized "in-house" or organized by another firm, then this is a make-or-buy decision
		1. Correct
	3. [[Taylorism]] emphasizes the role of intrinsic [[motivation]]
		1. False
	4. When a company invests money to build up a brand than such investment always decreases [[profit]] in the long run, since brand name capital is an intangible asset that cannot be listed in the [[balance sheet]].
		1. False
# BS Final 2019
1. Which statements about “Customer Perceptive” are correct?
	1. The money spent for a [[marketing]] campaign is cash outflow but no expense. 
		1. False
	2. Within the 4P´s framework the choice of sales channels is a promotion decision? 
		1. False
	3. From a [[financial perspective]] a [[marketing]] campaign can be seen as an investment that aims generating higher revenues in the future. 
		1. Correct
	4. Decisions on 4P´s can be used to differentiate a given product as part of qual[[Leadership|ity leader]]ship 
		1. Correct
2. [[Strategic Perspective]] and [[customer perspective]]
	assume that the sales of smartphones worldwide in year t is 500 billion USD, while in t-1 it was 450 billion USD. Moreover, assume that Samsung and Apple are the two largest players in the market in terms of smartphone sales. Samsung´s smartphone sales in year t are 100 billion USD, while Apple´s smartphone sales in year t are 120 billion USD. Which answers are correct?
	1. The overall market growth for smartphones from t+1 to t is given by 500-450/450=50/450=11% 
		1. Correct
	2. Apple´s relative market [[share]] is 0.83 
		1. False
	3. Samsung’s market [[share]] in year t is 100/500=0.2=20% 
		1. Correct
	4. Apple´s market [[share]] is 120/500=21% 
		1. False
3. Which statement/s on the [[Employee Perspective]] is/are correct?
	1. Herzberg´s theory explains the importance of extrinsic [[motivation]] 
		1. False
	2. The “Hawthorne effect” shows the importance of incentives in business firms. 
		1. False
	3. The “[[Taylorism|Scientific Management]]” approach emphasizes the important role of [[leadership]] 
		1. False
	4. From a P&L-perspective employees cause [[expenses]] (salary)but on the other hand they help to generate revenue. 
		1. Correct
4. Which statement/s on the “[[Strategic Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. Red Bull is an example of a differentiation strategy because the brand sets the product apparat from the [[competition]] 
		1. Correct
	2. Cost [[leadership]] means that a company produces at a higher cost than its competitors. 
		1. False
	3. A strong brand can be interpreted as a market barrier.
		1. True
	4. Core competencies are skills that enable a company to deliver a fundamental customer benefit 
		1. True
5. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. The [[market capitalization]] of a company equals the number of shares divided by the [[share]] price 
		1. False
	2. The [[value of a company]] can be determined by calculating the [[net present value]] of [[cash flow]] streams generated by the company 
		1. Correct
	3. The [[value of a company]] can be determined by looking at its [[market capitalization]] 
		1. Correct
	4. When an investment of 100.000 EUR generates a positive NPV then this means that the value of the future [[cash flow]] stream generated by this investment is higher than the initial investment. 
		1. Correct
6. Which statements on the “Production Perspective” is/are correct?
	1. The supply chain can be defined as the collection of production processes performed within a company 
		1. False
	2. When Red Bull decides on whether product distribution should be organized “in-house” or organized by collaboration with a partner firm, then this is a make or buy decision 
		1. Correct
	3. From a production perspective, efficiency means that no inputs are wasted 
		1. Correct
	4. [[Taylorism]] is a form of humanistic management 
		1. False
7. Which statement on the “[[Strategic Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. If [[cash Flow]] generated by cash cows is used to finance question marks, then this is a example of using external sources of investment (external capital market) 
		1. False
	2. A firm´s top managers are likely to prefer internal sources of finance to raising new [[equity]] because internal sources of finance give them high level of discretion while their investment decision is tightly controlled by owners when raising [[Equity|new eq]]uity. 
		1. True
	3. In the [[BCG portfolio]] a question mark generates enough [[cash flow]] to support itself and to finance growth 
		1. False
	4. In the [[BCG portfolio]] cash cow generates [[Cash Flow]] which can be used to finance question marks or growth of stars. 
		1. Correct
8. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. When a company distributes its profits of the year 2018 to its owners at the end of the year, then the company´s net value (according to [[balance sheet]]) at the end of 2018 equals it´s value at the beginning of the year
		1. Correct
	2. When a company uses debt to buy a new car, then then both sides of the [[balance sheet]] ([[submodules/wu-quartz/content/Assets|assets]] and claims) increase. 
		1. Correct
	3. When a taxi company sells an unused car above its (book)value in the [[balance sheet]] than the ROI increases
		1. Correct
	4. Long term debt means that such capital only creates [[profit]] in the long term 
		1. False
9. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. ROCE is defined as revenues divided by capital employed 
		1. False
	2. A [[profit]] margin of 10% means that 1 EUR of revenue generates 10 cents of [[profit]] on average 
		1. Correct
	3. When a company has 1 million EUR in debt and 0.5 million EUR in [[equity]] then its gearing is 2 
		1. Correct
	4. Patents and brand names are [[intangible assets]] 
		1. Correct
10. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. According to the [[balance sheet]] logic the [[value of a company]] is determined by its [[equity]]. 
		1. Correct
	2. Investment decisions are decisions about business transactions with an initial cash inflow in the expectation of future cash outflows. 
		1. False
	3. A rational buyer will buy an asset only if the price is lower than the value the asset generates for the asset owner. 
		1. Correct
	4. Companies can raise [[equity]] by issuing bonds 
		1. False
11. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. Owners of bonds tend to bear higher risk than owners of [[equity]] 
		1. False
	2. On average investors returns on a company's [[equity]] should be lower than then their returns on bonds issued by the same company. 
		1. False
	3. When it is possible for a company to invest cash money at 5% per year and to lend money at the same interest rate of 5% then the value of [[cash flow]] of 1.000 Euro one year in the future from the viewpoint of today is 1000/1.05. 
		1. Correct
	4. The fact that balance sheets do not contain most [[intangible assets]] is one main reason why the [[market capitalization]] of companies is very often higher than their net value=equity according to the [[balance sheet]]. 
		1. Correct
12. Which statement is/are correct?
	1. When a company invests money to build up a brand than such investments always decrease [[profit]] since brand name capital is an intangible asset that cannot be listed in the [[balance sheet]] 
		1. False
	2. When the price of a product is increased then it can be expected that less units of the product will be sold but revenues may still increase 
		1. Correct
[[Taylorism|	3. Taylo]]rism emphasizes the role of intrinsic [[motivation]] 
		1. False
	4. From a [[Taylorism]] perspective, management deals with the optimal division of the production process into individual tasks, in order to economize on the benefits of specialization 
		1. Correct
14. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct? When a company pays back a loan then...
	1. ... [[EBIT]] increases 
		1. False
	2. … gearing goes down 
		1. Correct
	3. … Free [[Cash Flow]] increases 
		1. False
	4. … [[Cash Flow]] from financing decreases 
		1. Correct
15. Which statement/s on the “[[Financial Perspective]]” is/are correct?
	1. If you invest 1000 EUR in 2019 and receive 10 [[EU]] in 2020 and also 2021 as interest, while you get back the initial investment of 1000 plus 15 EUR interest in 2022, then the internal rate of return is calculated by solving the following equation for r: -1000+10/(1+r)+10/(1+r)^2+15/(1+r)^3=0
		1. False
	2. [[EBIT]]+ interest income-interest expense-taxes=[[Profit]] 
		1. Correct
	3.	If r is the interest rate then today´s value of x Euro to be received in n years in the future is: x/(1+r)^n. 
		1. Correct
	1. If you calculate the [[net present value]] of an investment´s [[cash flow]] stream using a discount factor higher than the internal rate of return of this investment then this [[net present value]] will be positive.
		1. False







 

